SVR Global LLC is an excellent place to purchase knife gate valves since they provide high-quality valves and our valves are custom-made to meet the needs of a wide range of industries, and they require little maintenance. All of our valves are inspected for leaks and triple-tested to verify there are none.

What is a Knife Gate Valve?
Knife gate valves from SVR Global LLC are perfect for all industrial shut-off applications, such as in the pulp and paper and water and wastewater industries. A knife is applied in a Knife Gate valve to cut through obstructions caused by heavy liquids. They’re typically seen in processing factories and are available in larger sizes, making them easier to handle. These valves are used to entirely cease fluid flow when fully open, or to provide full flow when fully closed. It’s employed in industries where viscous fluids are involved. It can be operated manually or automatically. In both dry and wet lines, the Knife Gate Valve delivers dependable shut-off. A heavy-duty gate is included with the bonnet-less valve to cut through line fluids.

Where are Knife Gate Valves Used?
Mining and minerals processing
Pulp and paper applications
Water & wastewater
Sand and gravel plants
Tailing lines
Abrasive slurry materials

What are the Types of Knife Gate Valves?
Slurry knife gate valve.
Bi directional knife gate valve.
Unidirectional knife gate valve.

What are the Advantages of Knife Gate Valve?
Comes in larger sizes since industries need a lot of machinery and equipment.
Slurry applications take advantage of the blades’ ability to cut through dense liquids fast.

Which Industries use Knife Gate Valve?
Oil industry.
Chemical plants.
Waste water treatment plants.
Cement plants.

Why choose us?
SVR Global LLC creates high-quality, safe, and dependable products. Our company provides flow control systems for industrial applications with excellent customer service. Our valves are made to order and are low-maintenance to fulfil the needs of a wide range of industries. All of our valves are thoroughly inspected for leaks and put through three phases of testing to ensure there are no leaks.
Body materials: WCB, WC6, WCC, LCB, LCC, Cast iron, Ductile Iron, SS316, SS304
Size: DN50 to DN2000
Class: 150 to 300
Nominal Pressure: PN6 to PN40
Operation: Handwheel, Electric and Pneumatic Actuated, Gear operated
Ends: Wafer, Lug, Flanged
